{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20240\viewh9880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Explanation of slide images with issues
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Images in blank in the files from DropBox:\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Unfortunately I also just have 1KG blank images for these specimens here. This must have been a problem caused by myself or by the software while imaging the collection.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF5795
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 (
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
G. tumida
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
,\'a01 specimen) - blank image\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF5817
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0(
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
G. tumida
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, 1 specimen) - blank image\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF5819
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0(
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
G. tumida
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, 2 specimens) - blank image\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6008
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 (
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
G.\'a0inflata
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, 1 specimen) - blank image\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Image has no objects in it:\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The slide itself has no specimens.\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6737
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 (
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
S.\'a0dehiscens
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, 0 specimen) - empty slide\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Image with light background and darker objects:\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
I don't have another\'a0version of this image. This slide was indeed\'a0mounted\'a0differently from the others (possibly for\'a0transmitted\'a0light microscopy).\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF5922
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0(
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
G.\'a0crassaformis
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, 6 specimens)\'a0\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Images with no slide square number (slides that are supposed to have multiple slide squares with more than one IRN, but the actual images have no slide square numbers):
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
This happened because Buckley wrote something on the slide that enables us to differentiate between the specimens. Then Giles and I decided to give different IRNs numbers to these different specimens, so I had to "fake" a square number to do this.\'a0\
I uploaded edited images (ZFXXXX_IRNs) with the respective IRNs at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nhm.box.com/v/buckley-IRNs-solved"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 https://nhm.box.com/v/buckley-IRNs-solved}}\
I also uploaded some whole slide images (ZFXXXX_slide) to show how I distinguished them.\'a0\
Please let me know if these images are clear and helpful. See explanations/issues below:\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6058
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0- IRNs for different species. Buckley organised the specimens from top to bottom (see ZF6058_slide). I would distinguish their IRNs as shown in ZF6058_IRNs. Plus I noticed that the sample depth is not in the right column in the metadata. It should be\'a0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul 529.5 - 530 cm\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \'a0below top, and\'a0
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
G. oscitons
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0(IRN 6722153) is not a modern species, so you might want to delete its 3 specimens (ZF6058_IRNs)\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6059\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- IRNs for different coordinates, see ZF6059_IRNs. Buckley mounted in the same slide specimens that come from different stations and thus different coordinates (V16-66 and 67, see ZF6059_slide).\'a0\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6070\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- IRNs for different species, see ZF6070_IRNs\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6168
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - IRNs for different species AND different images, see ZF6168_1_IRN and ZF6168_2_IRN (and ZF6168_slide to understand what happened). I also uploaded the original image of the second IRN number (ZF6168_2_original.tif).
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul There was a problem here:\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \'a0the original\'a0ZF6168_2 tiff image was \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul wrongly\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  named as ZF6169. So in the other folder (buckley_2), there were two ZF6169 images:\
ZF6169.tif\'a0- WRONG slide number / file name.\'a0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rename\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  as: "ZF6168_2.tif" (G. quinqueloba IRN 6722159), also uploaded in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nhm.box.com/v/buckley-IRNs-solved"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 https://nhm.box.com/v/buckley-IRNs-solved}}\
ZF6169_a.tif - CORRECT slide number. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul Rename\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone  as "ZF6169.tif "\'a0(G. falconensis IRN 5271931)\
I already renamed these two files in the NHM Box folder ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nhm.box.com/v/buckley-collection"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 https://nhm.box.com/v/buckley-collection}}), please rename these files at your downloaded folder as well.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6470
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - IRNs for different species, see ZF6470_IRNs\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6577
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - IRNs for different species, see ZF6577_IRNs\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6590
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0- IRNs for different species, see ZF6590_IRNs\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6771
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0- IRNs for different species, see ZF6771_IRNs. Both specimens are broken (fragile species), so you might consider removing them.\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6835 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- IRNs for different species, see ZF6835_IRNs\
\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ZF6861
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 - the only correct\'a0IRN is 5465861. You can delete the IRN 6722165 line from the metadata, it was just a broken 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B. digitata
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 piece that probably fell on the slide and I gave it its own IRN number!\
\
}